Let's reduce the image size and for that, we can use a feature react native image picker provides us with, we
can tell it to provide us smaller images.
So let's go to share place or to be precise here to the pick image component,
so in components, to pick image. Here we use the image picker and show image picker has this options
object.
Now I informed you about that no data option if you don't need the base64 version, you can also pass
a max height and width property here
and this does just what it sounds like, it restricts the maximum height or width of the photos you're
grabbing.
So here we could say the maximum width in pixels should be let's say 800 and the maximum height could be
let's say 600, whatever you want, you can of course fine tune this to the needs of your application.
Now if we do this, let's save this code and let's reload this
ios application and pick an image again
and let's use this image here.
Now it looks good still,
let's also locate ourselves and try this, share the place
and now this went much faster because now the image we uploaded was much smaller,
we can confirm this on firebase storage if we visit all our places here and yes, we can see another
issue here,
we'll dive into this later too.
We can already see that of all the images we got here,
that's the one I uploaded just a few seconds ago here and you see unlike the other images,
this one only has a couple of kilobytes instead of megabytes.
Of course you could shrink this even more if you restrict max height and width even more,
so you can reduce these numbers again to create an even smaller image.
So this is already huge,
we decreased the size of all of that.
The next thing is that I want to clear this page and I want to navigate to find place.
Now let's work on these steps in the next lecture.